Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces hasta que le entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedas comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Valeria arrived at the police station with a heavy heart.
She’s got to find her brother soon.
She approached the front desk and said,
«Hello, how was your day?»
«I’m here because I was called to check several bodies to see if any belong to my missing brother, David».
The officer at the desk nodded and leads her to the room with the bodies that arrived today.
Valeria searches for David's body, trying to find any resemblance to David.
She had examined several bodies when the officer directed her to another room where the bodies that arrived some time ago were kept.
"Come with me, the bodies are kept in another room."
He said.
As they walked towards that room, Valeria unexpectedly ran into Daniel,
an old schoolmate who was now a dean.
«Hi there! What's up?»
She asked, surprised to see him there.
Daniel, clearly caught off guard, responded evasively.
«Oh, um.
I'm here for some, um.
Some administrative tasks».
He said quickly.
«What do you do now?
Are you still a high school teacher?»
He added, trying to change the subject.
Valeria looked at him with curiosity.
«Yes, but I need your help.
I'm here because my brother is missing.
Do you know something?»
She asked.
Daniel hesitated before saying,
«Um, of course I don't know.
Are you still single?»
«Yes, but the word still sounds rude».
Said Valeria.
«Oh, sorry.
What time is it?
Daniel asked.
«12 o'clock, why?»
«I think I'll go now».
Said Daniel, and without waiting for more questions, he left the room.
Valeria entered the second room and continued her search.
The bodies were examined by Valeria, but unfortunately, she did not find David's body.
Disheartened, she exited the morgue and saw Daniel standing outside, waiting for her.
«I've been waiting for you».
Daniel said.
«I'd like to invite you out for a coffee or something».
Valeria gave Daniel a puzzled look and replied.
«You're strange».
As Valeria left the morgue, she noticed that there were several people standing in front
of the building, waiting for news.
«There are a lot of people here».
She thought.
She realized that most of them were also waiting for information about their loved ones.
Valeria decided not to hang out with Daniel later.
In the meantime, she needed to make sure she got some rest.
She hoped that tomorrow would be a lucky day.